take it are you boys doing
you know who we are yeah I thought so
yeah I remember
good looks like me and Vincent caught
you boys at breakfast sorry about that
Javan hamburgers hamburgers the
cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast
what guy amber Josh a cheeseburgers no
no no no no where'd you get him
McDonald's Wendy's jack-in-the-box where
Big Kahuna burger Big Kahuna burger
that's that Hawaiian burger joint I hear
they got some tasty burgers I end up
having one myself how are they good you
mind if I try one of yours this is yours
here right mmm this is a tasty burger
Vincent you ever had a Big Kahuna burger
one bite they're real tasted well if you
like burgers
i'ma try sometime me okay you usually
get them cuz my girlfriend's a
vegetarian which pretty much makes me a
vegetarian but I do love the taste of a
good burger mmm you know what they call
a quarter pounder with cheese and France
no tellin Vincent Royale with cheese
right yeah with cheese you know why they
call it that because of the metric
system check out the big brain on Brad
you're a smart motherfucker that's right
the metric system
sin is sprite that's right good you mind
if I have some of your tasty beverage to
wash this pain go right ahead
and hit the spot you lock a seat though
you know why we here won't you tell my
man VIN - what you got - shit hear that
so here I don't remember asking you a
goddamn thing
you were saying it's in the cupboard
no the one by your knees
we have
Vincent we happy yeah we happy look I'm
sorry I didn't get your name I got yours
Vincent right but I never got my name's
Pitt and you ain't talking your way out
of this shit I just want you to know oh
I just want you to know how sorry we are
that that things got so fucked up
it wouldn't we got into this thing with
the best intentions really
I never oh I'm sorry did I break your
concentration if you ever wondered have
you ever had a nose and your comic book
reading as mine what would happen if I
change Superman
mythical well goddamn it stay tuned
motherfucking here your motherfucking
highball devastation is about to take
place
Superman in the hook on the same
motherfucking roof getting shit done you
ain't gonna believe it
you heard of legend legend the street
that's a walking legend right there
living there they whisper about me
corners the whisper bottom have you
heard if cats will have you heard of the
motherfucking hope have you heard about
this guy they called well he's here you
get to see what they've been whispering
about it we bout to break bread and eat
up
fucking plan